
Privacy Policy

What information do we collect?

We collect information from you at various time while you play our game.

When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.

What do we use your information for?

Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:

; To personalize your experience
 (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)

; To improve our game experience
 (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)

; To improve customer service
 (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)

; To process transactions
 Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.

How do we protect your information?

We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information.

We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to?keep the information confidential.

After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.

Do we disclose any information to outside parties?

We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.

California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance

Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.

To change your personal information login to your account. Click My Account from the main menu at the top left of the page. An then follow the link first link in the "My Account" section labeled "View or change my account information"

Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance

We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.

Unity Technologies Privacy Policy

Unity Technologies will also collect some personal data while you play our game and they will use
this information using the policies defined in their privacy policy which is accessable via the following
site: http://unity3d.com/company/legal/privacy-policy

Terms and Conditions

Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at http://www.wolfgamesllc.com

Your Consent

By using our site, you consent to our web site privacy policy.

Changes to our Privacy Policy

If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.

This policy was last modified on 12/24/2014

Contacting Us

If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.

http://www.wolfgamesllc.com
 2 Parker Rd
 Fairfax, Vermont 05454

dain@wolfgamesllc.com

This policy is powered by Trust Guard, your PCI compliance authority.
 